 
Ibrahim Ismail
Senior Full-Stack Engineer with 5+ years of experience specializing in high-performance frontend architectures, including micro-frontends and browser extensions, backed by robust full-stack capabilities. I can adapt to any tech stack and I am available to start immediately.

Beirut, Lebanon
+961 3 689 039
ibrahimismailh@gmail.com
https://ibrahimismail.dev
EXPERIENCE
JumpCloud, Colorado, US (Remote) — Software Engineer
FEB 2022 - MAY 2026 (4 years 3 months)
JumpCloud is a company that provides a unified platform for device and access management. My responsibilities included:.
Migrating the password manager’s cross-browser extension from manifest v2 to v3 and designing  a modern webpack build/dev workflow that optimized build times and increased development velocity.
Adding Safari browser support and creating a communication layer using Swift to communicate with the supporting desktop application.
Migrating UI elements from React to Vue, to use the common ui libraries.
Setting up CI/CD pipelines using CircleCI and Github Actions to release the browser extension to all major browser stores.
Adding new features to the authentication and authorization systems such as: custom roles, MFA factors, multiple roles, implementing both UI elements and the supporting backend endpoints.
Integrating AI tools and AI workflows into daily  development cycles to increase development velocity.
Working closely with designers to improve UX.

MYKI, Beirut, Lebanon — Software Engineer
SEP 2021 - FEB 2022 (6 months)
Eventually acquired by JumpCloud, MYKI  was  a Password Manager company that provided solutions to Businesses and MSPs. My responsibilities included:
Leading the MYKI password manager’s browser extension development efforts. Adding new features, ensuring cross-browser support, and improving the credentials autofill mechanism.

Neo Mena Technologies, Beirut, Lebanon — Software Engineer
DEC 2020 - SEP 2021 (9 months)
Neo is a FinTech company that specializes in investment and  wealth management. My responsibilities included:
Translating designs into performant, pixel perfect, and responsive web components using React, and SASS CSS.
Setting up a new mini project with localization, dark mode, unit testing, and mobile first design and leading it to completion.

SKILLS
Programming Languages:
JavaScript, TypeScript, Vue, React, Node.js, Express.js, Java, Python, Flask, PHP.
Database Systems:
PostgresQL, MySql, MongoDB.
CI/CD:
GitHub Actions, CircleCI.
Other:
Browser extensions, Mobile Applications (React Native), Unit testing, Feature Flags.


EDUCATION
Master of Science in Computer Engineering — LIU, Beirut, Lebanon
SEP 2019 - JUNE 2021
GPA: 3.85
Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering — LIU, Beirut, Lebanon
SEP 2016 - JUNE 2019
GPA: 4.0